hello, this is shane.
Kip: Meeting.
Kip: This week.
Eugene Morrow: That sounds like.
Kip: kept here Okay, this is eugene.
Kip: eugene you were off for a bit quite hear you again.
Yes, yes, I went to.
Randall Ness: A trip to Melbourne see my.
Eugene Morrow: Mother in law who's.
Eugene Morrow: In a dimension award and he's doing fine.
Kip: i'm glad to hear that.
yeah.
Randall Ness: what's the thing.
Kip: I have a I have a short story about another.
Kip: Short I got stuck in buffalo snow.
Kip: In October and.
Kip: supposed to fly home Friday.
afternoon.
Randall Ness: That.
Kip: Airport was shut down finally.
Kip: ended taking a train at midnight got me to Chicago.
Kip: At noon.
Kip: That I had to take a taxi out to o'hare to go pick up my car drove close to my house stopped to get gas and my starter on my car died so about 4pm I called my wife to come pick me out, but she picked me up took me home I walked in the door, my mother in law, who is.
Kip: Visiting for the weekend.
Kip: said.
Kip: boy, some people go to extreme lengths to avoid their mother in law.
Eugene Morrow: i'm lucky my mother in law's from.
Eugene Morrow: Heaven I get on very well with it.
that's.
Kip: My mother in law's good, to the fact that she could say that joke.
Was.
Eugene Morrow: A good sign, yes.
Kip: Well, I have to admit i'm.
Kip: Under the weather just today.
Kip: So although i'm supposed to run the meeting.
Kip: i'm going to be a little lower than bow.
Kip: and energy and doing that task if that's up that's a problem.
Kip: For the team.
Kip: That, I had a they had, I had a.
Kip: conflict for yesterday's.
Kip: Call.
scrum call, so I didn't.
Kip: get to get to review the agenda very closely.
Kip: I Andrea I don't know if you can help me out save me from my own worst impulses here, but if you could help me in in walking through the meeting today that would.
Andrea Orth: yeah and when sandy logs on she can help as well.
Great.
Kip: Thank you for that are we ready to get going.
into wait a minute.
Randall Ness: The other meeting this week.
Kip: I hope not.
Randall Ness: I hope that.
Randall Ness: I don't see her in slack know.
Andrea Orth: Well, we could start but we may have can juggle our items a little bit.
Andrea Orth: Because the first two she would want to provide probably input or partake in discussion.
Kip: So how can I start.
Kip: First, by noting.
Kip: The blog entry.
Kip: On all MP went out this week.
Kip: did a linkedin post today other as well.
Kip: So I read posted that on linkedin.
So.
Kip: Anyway, some other is, I was surprised when I looked at the linkedin post, the number of people that had already liked it by the time I.
got to the.
Kip: got to the notification specifically so.
Kip: So there's some good.
Kip: Some good things happening in that space.
Kip: Okay.
Kip: I could show you that real briefly sandy says she's joining so.
Kip: He was the linkedin post would get.
Kip: number of people liking this that I don't know.
exactly who they are.
Kip: So.
Kip: The post.
Kip: is on the open mainframe project.
Kip: That we reviewed.
Two weeks ago.
Kip: So.
Kip: Okay.
Randall Ness: Great.
Kip: that's a brief update on.
Kip: That.
Kip: And we have sandy here, he joined us.
Kip: Tonight share sound going yet or not.
Kip: and rewards where do you suggest we go next.
Randall Ness: Well, I could cover.
Kip: somewhat the mission statement is that okay.
Andrea Orth: Yes, Mr ask someone and then do something anyway that sounds fine.
Randall Ness: You didn't.
Kip: Answer fast enough.
Andrea Orth: Just forgot, I was on mute otherwise I thought that you forgot.
Kip: you're on mute and that's okay.
Andrea Orth: Well, this is a typical meeting, ladies and gentlemen.
Kip: it's good.
Kip: it's good Andrea and I are back in true form of how we've worked for.
Kip: years, this is.
Kip: Mike.
Kip: will ask Michael to join in in a minute um so.
Kip: As part of our.
say.
Kip: Michael.
Kip: that's part of.
Kip: Setting up an llc for Geneva ERS which will hold the intellectual property that has been contributed under the Apache to point on license.
Kip: We need to think about.
Kip: A Vision statement for our our project which is and easy these things can kind of really do challenge one to get to the essence of what the issues are.
Kip: So that's part of the application process of going through this right.
Kip: sandy took a nice first stab at this easier to react to something and to create from scratch.
Kip: But her her first job was to enable efficient processing of large amounts of data through use of established mainframe technology businesses have known for reliability revitalized decision making, without major development migrations okay.
Kip: um you know, this is, I, I guess, I suggest that we could use a bit of a.
Kip: bit of your you know thinking time, maybe when you're in the shower or you're cooking lunch or something.
Kip: If you had to explain, maybe and eugene using you your recent experience, if you had to explain to your mother in law.
yeah.
Kip: What what the project is what its purpose is what would be the words you use, because it can be about that long right can be 334 sentences, at last, and has to convey kind of the essence of the issues involved.
Kip: This is.
Kip: issue number one or three, which would be good for us to respond with thoughts on and and build this up over the next few weeks sandy said okay summary.
Sandy Peresie: yeah that's perfect um you know it's it's obviously needs work um to to I included their link to some of the better mission statement examples all right for different companies and.
Sandy Peresie: You know just to get some some thoughts on you know.
Sandy Peresie: The different types of mission statements, some people have Nike and Coca Cola, and all that other stuff so.
Sandy Peresie: Most of our fairly short um you know to to better um you know focus on one thing um so.
Sandy Peresie: You know, obviously, the one I came up with needs work.
Sandy Peresie: After I wrote it down, I was not happy with it so.
Sandy Peresie: Please help work on.
Kip: Any comments questions.
Randall Ness: Okay, giving giving suggestions for editing or suggestions for the process, I think.
Kip: I think it would be probably more efficient, for us, instead of doing a group.
Kip: edit at this point, although there's randall why don't we take that what what do we think the elements of our mission statement might be rather than trying to.
Kip: Work this method craft the wording right now.
Kip: What would be elements of our our state our mission statement.
Eugene Morrow: To me, this is eugene to me the core of what they're doing is about batch processing, I mean computing covers lots of things and lots of processes, but it's to me the place where we add the value is batch processing so somewhere we've got to say batch process.
Kip: You know eugene I might I might suggest the term periodic processing.
Randall Ness: Right.
Kip: Which is a little more.
Kip: softer in terms of legacy sense but I I could see that that aspect of periodic processing I think is important now, I can see that.
Randall Ness: I totally agree and I, and I almost I almost suggested that i'm just because it is what we focus on it's.
Randall Ness: We don't do I mean there's a lot of applications out there that deal with high volumes and things but we're focusing on specifically the market of periodic processing, which we do better than anybody else.
Randall Ness: But let me, let me.
Kip: suggest with that randall I would probably add the words highly high efficiency right the our periodic processing enhances.
Kip: Which is why is why we're focused on that.
Randall Ness: So that's right.
Eugene Morrow: I would have put that further down the list.
Eugene Morrow: kip I would have said.
Eugene Morrow: start with a periodic processing then to me it's about removing unnecessary steps to make the whole thing much faster and the unnecessary steps are of course unnecessary reads.
Eugene Morrow: So to me.
Eugene Morrow: Periodic processing removing unnecessary steps that goes faster and flexible.
Eugene Morrow: Because instead of you, everyone can re engineer their systems, but to do we basically automatically re engineer it instead of having to rewrite your systems Geneva doesn't for you so i'm flexible.
i'm.
Eugene Morrow: Sorry steps I think that's the key.
Eugene Morrow: thing that we're doing a lot of computing does unnecessary reads, whereas we get rid of the unnecessary reads, which makes everything run faster.
Kip: So could I have you react to a phrase that might be shorter at some times i've heard it called straight through processing.
Kip: As the process of getting getting rid of unnecessary steps.
Eugene Morrow: Oh i'm not so keen on that expression, because then you got explain what the straight through mean, and it could be.
Eugene Morrow: You know people could describe it a waste, whereas I think removing unnecessary reads or removing unnecessary steps speaks for itself.
Eugene Morrow: that's what we doing.
Randall Ness: We remove unnecessary reads and look ups right reason look ups.
Eugene Morrow: Now, the result of that is highly efficiency and it straight through processing, but the key concept to me our periodic processing removing unnecessary reads and look ups and being flexible.
Eugene Morrow: I mean, anyone can remove the unnecessary reads, but we do it for you, instead of you, having to rewrite your whole system.
Kip: Okay.
Eugene Morrow: Good.
Randall Ness: Gentlemen, we haven't heard from you, yet, and I.
Kip: Think how am.
GillianHannington: I i'm thinking i'm I.
GillianHannington: yeah i'm not i'm not great with words.
GillianHannington: like this is why i'm a you know, several programs and.
GillianHannington: i'm thinking i'm thinking of taking it in but.
GillianHannington: No suggestions yeah.
Randall Ness: Sorry.
Kip: No, no that's okay.
Kip: just wanted to make sure you feel free to comment your your comments last time last meeting we're hopeful.
Kip: You did better with words than you think you do.
Sandy Peresie: We have a wish list to.
Randall Ness: To.
Sandy Peresie: be able to stream data.
Randall Ness: Through the process.
Kip: Now it's been something that's been on the.
Randall Ness: talked about list for a long.
Kip: Time is turning safir Geneva into more of a started task.
Kip: That could what what that would do.
Kip: Is it would.
Kip: allow for periodic refresh.
Randall Ness: But then.
Kip: keeping up with any new transaction throughout the rest of the day it doesn't really do away with the periodic processing.
Randall Ness: Point because.
Kip: Even when you have streaming applications, when you have to deal with history.
Randall Ness: To get.
Kip: The starting.
Kip: position started there's a periodic nature to.
Kip: That, but it would.
Kip: It would change it and update it so that it's not just periodic it could be periodic plus is kind of but that's a that's an aspirational goal, I guess i'd say that we've talked about for a long time, and really haven't haven't had an excuse to.
Randall Ness: To attempt that in some significant way.
Sandy Peresie: As long as as long as it doesn't preclude us from going that way i'm fine with having that in there.
Neil Beesley: Just single part in other P for us.
Kip: I think that's a good question right if we go to a single pass optimization engine.
Kip: Maybe, something we should be considering.
Eugene Morrow: To me that's the thing with the idea of removing unnecessary steps.
Eugene Morrow: The single pass means you read what so you're moving unnecessary reads.
Randall Ness: And joins so.
Eugene Morrow: Long because somehow wrap up those concepts.
Kip: single pass optimization engine.
Eugene Morrow: Oh, I don't like.
Eugene Morrow: optimization engine.
Randall Ness: that's a bit.
Eugene Morrow: too complicated.
Randall Ness: All right, I think, if you say I think it's just a single pass, you have to say single password the data or else they won't know what you're saying i'm guessing it could be like a single pass compiler.
Randall Ness: And you have to know what what are you passing.
Eugene Morrow: Using single pass of the data means removing.
Eugene Morrow: unnecessary.
Randall Ness: Data races and joins.
Randall Ness: Okay.
Kip: Well we've got some things to work with their sandy said, maybe.
Sandy Peresie: yeah I mean that's you know those are all good terms for for the product certain.
Sandy Peresie: mean it just has to be put in a nice format.
Sandy Peresie: Is there anything else.
Kip: If so, people could comment here on.
Kip: In the in the issue.
Sandy Peresie: yeah.
Kip: Okay, we could probably take away and come back with proposed something.
Kip: That would be more efficient or other than.
Kip: Okay, Andrea as you next.
MichaelShapiro: hey if I have a comment about as.
MichaelShapiro: You said the passive data should we add sequential there.
Kip: I think that that limits us Michael and that it's not something is required, we could, for example, or.
Kip: The call utilities every.
Kip: sense.
Kip: I think we leave it that's a that's not a far reach for the product 21 or something okay.
Neil Beesley: And we'll use the term mapreduce before is there anything that we can do right from that.
Kip: So good good point we are just so you guys, aware as i'm having conversations of that Geneva urs i'm finding that the term mapreduce to be useful and giving a sense of what the tool is very quickly to people that it's a mapreduce like tool that preceded mapreduce by a decade.
Right.
Kip: So, in terms of a mission statement communicate quite a bit about the tool I don't know if we need that permission statement Neil in terms of description of the tool.
Kip: Something we could consider.
Kip: Andrea where we going next.
Andrea Orth: one.
Kip: Is issue Andrea don't take over here.
Andrea Orth: Now sandy could probably.
Andrea Orth: explain this better.
Okay.
Sandy Peresie: um yeah what's happening right now is we've got we've got a an action that's been developed by Mr mert tech, and what that action does is allow.
Sandy Peresie: people to be.
Sandy Peresie: added as collaborators into the.
Sandy Peresie: Project all right, the reason the way they do that is through the onboarding they set up an issue.
That says.
Sandy Peresie: Please add me as collaborator.
Sandy Peresie: And a competitor in the.
Sandy Peresie: In the.
Sandy Peresie: In the Community repo has to go in and typing in an.
Randall Ness: APP invite.
Sandy Peresie: All right, in their name.
Sandy Peresie: And what that does is it triggers.
Sandy Peresie: The process that allows them to be added as a collaborator in a project team Member Okay, the action that's being.
Sandy Peresie: Wrong is actually running anytime someone makes an update to issues it's not running just when someone you know puts an ad invite in okay so there's a lot of unnecessary processing going.
On.
Sandy Peresie: Now.
Sandy Peresie: One could say well you know.
Sandy Peresie: So what, but I think it's probably good for us to be you know playing in the sandbox Nice and not using resources we don't need to use um so one of the suggestions that was.
Sandy Peresie: given us was to put a label on the on the issue so that it will only run when the Ad invite is put on there, and a specific label is also put in.
Sandy Peresie: What that means is that, because people that aren't computers cannot update labels all right, one of us has to go in and add the label or.
Sandy Peresie: If we make the change the invite won't kick off it won't trigger So the question was you know how you know what are people's thoughts, how do they want to handle this and.
Kip: And can I restate those handy just to make sure i'm clear, so that the, the alternative to be more efficient, is that somebody can add a had me issue at somebody who's a competitor has would have to come to the labeled spot and and make it the right label that would then trigger the.
Kip: process to run for them to become invited is that.
Sandy Peresie: Correct correct it's it's the label and the invite as an issue comment that would actually trigger them to be added.
Sandy Peresie: Not just the invite comment.
Kip: So what we've.
Sandy Peresie: been necessary running.
Kip: Yes, we would lose a little bit of we're not having that many, I think that they would loses automation a quick.
bobmcCormack: Out of new people.
Kip: As opposed to there being a pause here and new people being added to the project until somebody did the manual update to do the Ad correct.
Sandy Peresie: It would have to be someone that was committed yes.
Sandy Peresie: You know, currently the Ad invite can be added by anybody because it's just a comment yeah now I would suggest, making that known to everybody, you know because we don't really want necessarily people to add themselves but um.
Sandy Peresie: You know I mean maybe we do you know I didn't put that at invite in the in the.
Sandy Peresie: onboarding I thought one of us should be doing that um.
Kip: here's here's an example right sandy from courage right.
Kip: So would be this comment that.
Kip: would trigger but this one doesn't have the label.
Kip: To.
Sandy Peresie: Well that's not that's not been updated yet that that that action is not looking for a label yet.
Sandy Peresie: We would have to ask john to change it.
yep.
Sandy Peresie: All right, just the at invite.
Sandy Peresie: i'm actually triggers the invite itself, but the but currently anytime you update, an issue that action is being triggered and looking for add me as a contributor at invites.
Sandy Peresie: So if you because you just updated your that issue on um.
Sandy Peresie: On the mission statement the, the process has been triggered okay there aren't any ad invites any new ad invites so nothing is going to be done, but the processes running taking up resources.
If.
Kip: Comments team what's your feeling about how we should handle this.
Kip: Anyone.
GillianHannington: I don't fully understand it, but if it's if it's a way of doing more efficiently than that's isn't that part of our mission statement to be more.
Kip: Efficient So yes, go with the suggestion.
Kip: I think that that's a good reason to decide that as any Jillian so.
Kip: So sandy I think you've got a proposal there we go with the most efficient approach possible.
Sandy Peresie: sounds good Oh, what the gentleman.
Sandy Peresie: and get a label out there.
Kip: You.
Kip: Okay.
Kip: Next.
Andrea Orth: 99.
Andrea Orth: Probably update on the password removal and further discussion isn't it Sir.
Kip: Thank you, Andrea.
Kip: what's our status.
On this.
Randall Ness: yeah it's not able to attend today, so he would normally be the one talking about this.
Kip: Do you want to take that role.
Randall Ness: randall and.
Kip: and Michael control.
Kip: potshots from the field.
Randall Ness: I think I think Michael could describe.
Randall Ness: Our.
Randall Ness: proposal.
Randall Ness: Since it 6000 go ahead, Michael.
Kip: Michael what's what's the status on password removal.
MichaelShapiro: In that denied.
Kip: Pardon me.
MichaelShapiro: Okay here's what I propose.
Randall Ness: To do right.
MichaelShapiro: Right nights I think the least please.
Randall Ness: That.
MichaelShapiro: em regardless.
MichaelShapiro: needs to me, and he doesn't have to remove any code.
MichaelShapiro: From the workbench.
MichaelShapiro: When we.
MichaelShapiro: sent.
MichaelShapiro: ddl to install the database.
MichaelShapiro: At the same time we send the script that the person that install the database create the database Geneva database.
Randall Ness: Also.
MichaelShapiro: That script insert.
MichaelShapiro: This particular person as a database administrator in a database so only is this person will be able to log on to database when this person log on into the database.
MichaelShapiro: As the database administrator this person can.
MichaelShapiro: Create all.
Other.
MichaelShapiro: People whatever a lot of user ids.
MichaelShapiro: For people who is going to use the database.
Randall Ness: So.
MichaelShapiro: Now the regular user and the user log on to the database known thing this user will be able to type in either to store ID and the passport.
MichaelShapiro: Bam bacteria so ID will be verified the games.
MichaelShapiro: That user ID that.
MichaelShapiro: In the Geneva database.
MichaelShapiro: And let's say.
MichaelShapiro: Normal more changes are needed.
Kip: So.
Kip: Let me, let me restate their it's not just.
Kip: The existence of.
Kip: A person being in the database, but.
Kip: they're still as a password being used, but that person that's in the database.
Randall Ness: Is validated within their.
Kip: Past 30 so password against psl rack F, or whatever to validate that they can and so we're not storing the password we're just using the user ID to validate password is that.
MichaelShapiro: Correct right, the only thing we store on our database is the user ID and that's the.
MichaelShapiro: User tier saw it.
Randall Ness: Again we just well we discussed this with Ian and he thought he thought it was reasonable and we all agree that it was the least number of.
Randall Ness: code line changes and so he said he'd like to give it a try so he's going to give it a try and see where we go, but we thought it was reasonable.
Kip: Okay, so since we voted on this last time.
Randall Ness: We should.
Kip: You know reopen for discussion here today.
Kip: Is there any do I hear proposal any any more discussion needed by that on our competitors.
Kip: are following this route.
Kip: And if not, do I have a proposal that we should.
Andrea Orth: So, how does it work if you have a new installation.
MichaelShapiro: With a new installation, you need to get the ddl right.
MichaelShapiro: To inside the database right the ddl you'll also receive a script that.
MichaelShapiro: He they scrape the will.
MichaelShapiro: insert a user.
Randall Ness: uh huh and like drew.
MichaelShapiro: And the user, will be a database administrator so this user after the database and install the user young log on into the data.
Andrea Orth: So, when you say, are they logging.
Andrea Orth: In this is the part my brains, not making the connection to are they logging in through the workbench or through some other mechanism.
MichaelShapiro: That knows.
MichaelShapiro: We have the tool currently right that there are two kinds of ideas and to pass the first one is tier so ID and tier so passport and land, we had a Geneva ID in Geneva password right, so a Geneva ID in Geneva password.
MichaelShapiro: That being removed they don't exist anymore.
MichaelShapiro: So the user only log on using tier so ID.
MichaelShapiro: User ID.
MichaelShapiro: And workbench does workbench, the only thing the workbench does it verify that this.
MichaelShapiro: tier so ID is exist as a Geneva user in the database.
Randall Ness: that's still.
Andrea Orth: A part i'm not getting is.
Jeff Horner: So.
Jeff Horner: This is Jeff.
today.
Jeff Horner: What it is, is that the tsa ID and password is actually becoming the.
Jeff Horner: ID used in the workbench to.
Jeff Horner: it's it's going to be, instead of having a different Geneva ID and password it's the same as being used as the same thing.
Andrea Orth: mm hmm.
Kip: I mean, so I mean and.
Andrea Orth: me who adds you new users on a new install.
Andrea Orth: that's the part i'm still.
MichaelShapiro: The person who installed the database.
MichaelShapiro: This person.
MichaelShapiro: As user before they will be able to use the database.
Andrea Orth: Okay, so i'm thinking of a highly controlled environment that like we both work in who is that person.
MichaelShapiro: Who installed in the database that's the person is a database administrator.
MichaelShapiro: Well, this.
Andrea Orth: let's say it said, my.
Randall Ness: employer a DPA.
Andrea Orth: who's not part of the support unit would do this.
Andrea Orth: So yeah.
Andrea Orth: Do we have to pre.
Randall Ness: populate.
Andrea Orth: As part of the script to the users are how and then, how do we.
up.
Andrea Orth: That.
MichaelShapiro: Only one user a database administrator that's.
It.
Kip: Michael once once the that user administrator can go to the Geneva uris tables.
Randall Ness: and add new user ids.
Kip: From that point forward.
Kip: So.
Randall Ness: All that's needed is.
Kip: To andrea's point you could.
Kip: Pre populate the script with a set of users.
Kip: And those people could also.
Kip: be enabled to add new users as well, is that not true.
MichaelShapiro: Correct you can do this way too.
Andrea Orth: But you're you're going through you're either going to run a script, which is the database or someone in this would.
Randall Ness: never happen at my employer.
Andrea Orth: going directly in and doing an answer.
MichaelShapiro: is well.
Kip: Since they use.
Kip: They can use the workbench once it's been in sort of them database, then they can use the workbench to add new users to the table.
Andrea Orth: That was the part I was not saying.
Kip: Am I.
Kip: Stating that correct Michael.
MichaelShapiro: Yes, and so, for example.
MichaelShapiro: I got a script for me right.
MichaelShapiro: to install the database and also this particular.
MichaelShapiro: group of installing the database.
MichaelShapiro: There is an insert.
MichaelShapiro: My chair so ID as a database administrator when I run it created to the database and install the one birch workbench I can connect to that workbench go in there and then start adding user.
MichaelShapiro: Whoever is supposed to be they're supposed to use an assigned the users, the environments permissions and all other stuff.
Andrea Orth: yeah that would, if there was ever a install of.
The.
Andrea Orth: Open Source.
Andrea Orth: source Geneva Paris I don't think the solution would work would go over well, it might come my employer why.
Andrea Orth: Because if the person who's going to create the new workbench would it would be a bba and then.
Andrea Orth: Unless you're going to share credentials, the DDA is going to have to make the updates and that's not what db as new they're married.
Kip: No, no.
MichaelShapiro: No, no it's not the road, what do you do, that the DPA let's say you did the a is the person who's creating the database.
Andrea Orth: player that person.
has to be a da.
MichaelShapiro: Yes, no, no.
MichaelShapiro: let's say you you don't want to deviate to become a junior administrators right.
MichaelShapiro: Right Okay, then what what you do, you get the script to deviate to install the database.
MichaelShapiro: And then that screen.
MichaelShapiro: There is only one.
MichaelShapiro: insert of the person who you think will be a genius to administrate.
MichaelShapiro: And then that script this person rounds and being inserted the keys to store it of that person is being inserted into the Geneva database that say so deviate cannot look going into the.
workbench.
Kip: Only.
MichaelShapiro: That particular designated person yeah.
MichaelShapiro: OK.
Kip: So the DPA would be adding the appropriate user ID for whoever is going to be the Geneva year as administrator.
MichaelShapiro: Right.
Kip: Let me ask a different question from my summary here on the screen, so it seems to me that there's two verifications that are going on.
Kip: One is this person's.
Kip: ETS oh ID a valid Geneva user, and that is simply looking at the table for valid users.
Kip: If I understood correctly, though they're also giving their.
Kip: Ts old password and somehow we're also validating that they have to sell access and that password is right for T so.
MichaelShapiro: Because the first screen that when the user open the workbench it will require user to enter the idea so ID and.
password.
MichaelShapiro: The workbench will be.
MichaelShapiro: filled the world West will be able to.
Randall Ness: connect.
Randall Ness: To the database.
MichaelShapiro: If this user doesn't have.
MichaelShapiro: Proper credentials this user will never be able to log on to the world where good.
Kip: This actually verify the second step verifies that this person's user ID isn't actually the is the the password is known by the person that using that user writing.
MichaelShapiro: Right, nobody because we don't store.
Randall Ness: passwords in the database yep.
MichaelShapiro: In the press spot.
Randall Ness: or user type is in.
Randall Ness: Okay.
Kip: Other questions any other questions.
Kip: Okay.
Andrea Orth: i've made a statement before don't code things for.
Andrea Orth: My for my employer.
Andrea Orth: On.
Randall Ness: So that i'll just.
Andrea Orth: play that role here as well.
yeah.
Kip: I think I think there's value in this, though, Andrea in that it preserves it's the least number of changes to.
Andrea Orth: tuition of the program is what you're looking at.
Andrea Orth: um but I don't also I do don't support that correct my employer, so I would never have.
Randall Ness: To find.
Andrea Orth: This change to someone.
Andrea Orth: hears about our other process.
MichaelShapiro: So Andrew why it wouldn't work with your employer.
Andrea Orth: Well it's not a matter of work, would you really haven't gained anything here I mean your original proposal, if you just.
Andrea Orth: created.
Andrea Orth: The workbench is a code editor.
Andrea Orth: would actually be much simpler i'm.
Kip: You know i'm Andrea.
Kip: To that point, I think that we are considering for the new interface approach.
Kip: That we would go out you're talking about.
Andrea Orth: right that was that's the long term approach.
yeah.
Andrea Orth: I mean this this solution is really.
Randall Ness: only get us through the batch process is what this is.
Kip: Well, I think that there's value in in this solution, perhaps for simplified view creation processes simplified rules editing processes, this may still have value in the in the existing workbench.
Kip: that's why i'm hesitant some of the feedback i've gotten is.
Kip: don't jettison the workbench but functionally stabilize it.
Kip: While we work on.
Kip: The more language editing approach to the problem.
Andrea Orth: Well, I think that would be another discussion on.
Randall Ness: This specific solution that.
Andrea Orth: This whole issue was caused because.
Andrea Orth: The current product doesn't meet the badge requirements.
Kip: Yes, because the ci yep.
Andrea Orth: So that's why we're really been discussing this yep.
Kip: that's right.
Andrea Orth: And yeah, this is just a short term.
Randall Ness: and
Andrea Orth: i'm not in love with it, but I don't.
Randall Ness: have to live with it.
Kip: Other feelings from the conductor's.
Kip: Three here yay for this.
yay.
Randall Ness: yay.
Kip: anyone else any names.
Randall Ness: But you know it doesn't mean.
Randall Ness: Symbolic protest vote.
Randall Ness: pretty much so yeah.
Kip: asked by the slimmest of margins.
Kip: Thank you.
Kip: I guess actually we could potentially disclose.
That.
Randall Ness: Or we could.
Kip: Have in review that I guess, to make sure that.
Kip: documentation approaches that next standard.
Andrea Orth: yeah.
Kip: I noted in your slack discussion you.
Kip: said you had a local version of.
Andrea Orth: Something really.
Randall Ness: did get that running this evening.
Kip: i'm sure.
Andrea Orth: I get yeah I could do that oh.
Andrea Orth: yeah.
Andrea Orth: Have you enable sharing.
yeah.
Kip: Good question.
Kip: Okay you're.
Andrea Orth: You should see, let me get to the main page, the main page.
Andrea Orth: Keep clicking where I think Tom should go and it doesn't go okay here, the main page.
Andrea Orth: So ian's prototype has.
Andrea Orth: Hopefully kind of pre populated um.
Andrea Orth: What this.
Andrea Orth: site could look like.
Andrea Orth: In the future.
Andrea Orth: behind the scenes, all the static content is markdown power.
Andrea Orth: you're going to have images, if you want I think Ian recommended last time.
Andrea Orth: That you only use them when necessary and.
Andrea Orth: I don't recall why but, as you can see here you have your left nav, which is a babes kind of well just like your left nav have a menu on a web page and then over on your right is kind of like the i'll call it a table of.
Andrea Orth: content.
Andrea Orth: or an individual page.
Andrea Orth: And it what shows up here is keyed off of.
Andrea Orth: Your headers.
Andrea Orth: As you are quoted coded them in the markdown and then you can see, at the bottom, it will pre populate.
Andrea Orth: What the next page is.
Andrea Orth: i'm not this would be an Ian question i'm not sure it's not clear to me how it knows what the next page is when I inserted a page.
Andrea Orth: It.
Andrea Orth: It knew it existed, but some of this stuff seemed out of order.
Andrea Orth: So we need and explain that part.
Andrea Orth: um.
Kip: So.
Kip: Andrea what France discussion what What would you like to.
Randall Ness: Do a result of this discussion to be.
Kip: feedback on this.
Andrea Orth: um.
Andrea Orth: yeah um.
Randall Ness: yeah probably.
Andrea Orth: That would be a good start just feedback I don't know if everyone.
Andrea Orth: Is everyone have a good grasp, though, of kind of behind the scenes.
Andrea Orth: How, you would create content.
Kip: Right, I should, could you cover them briefly so can the content simply be a get repository set of.
Randall Ness: content.
Andrea Orth: Yes, because in in EMS little.
Andrea Orth: static page example you clone his repository.
Andrea Orth: run it locally um.
Andrea Orth: and
Andrea Orth: From there on out i'm going to share my desktop.
Kip: so effectively while you're doing that Andrew are are a Geneva ERS slash Doc repository would contain both this code base to present this plus the content that we need to be displayed within the website right.
Eugene Morrow: Yes, of course.
Andrea Orth: Okay.
Kip: In terms of feedback I like the layout I like the format, I, like the functionality having done enough websites, now the you know table of content, showing up there, and those linkages.
Kip: And there's a lot of value in those things being automated in the best possible ways I know that the case.
Kip: eugene do you have any comments I mean more on this, what what's your thoughts.
Eugene Morrow: If I was going to talk about.
Eugene Morrow: a lower level issue data versus knockdown, this is clearly I I documentation that we use markdown he's using I believe.
Eugene Morrow: gets be.
Eugene Morrow: to drive this gets be, in the end, the source files that it will display our map down fast and it's sort of thing where once you do commit to a new markdown file, it will.
Randall Ness: Immediately update your website you've got it.
Randall Ness: So it's a very fast.
Randall Ness: way of getting changes in.
Randall Ness: Your documentation system.
Kip: The alternative, though, for data is more flexibility that sense.
Randall Ness: eugene right.
Eugene Morrow: issues with data.
Eugene Morrow: i'll get on to that later.
Eugene Morrow: But this is driven by markdown and is used by many other software products in the world, and you could argue, is actually possibly the number one way of documenting software products now.
Eugene Morrow: Effectively markdown through github he said very common way of documenting your product.
Randall Ness: Is.
Kip: Good information.
Kip: What what issues besides feedback what issues, do we need to address here.
Andrea Orth: I think.
Andrea Orth: I think the only issue.
Andrea Orth: would be.
Andrea Orth: We would have to in would have to get it running enough because right now, when you run it local, you have to do.
Andrea Orth: um.
Andrea Orth: No, I was gonna say something all all this magic hat does happen automatically even on the local one.
Andrea Orth: um i'm not sure what you would have left to do.
Andrea Orth: To if there's anything in the coding, he has to make it happen.
Andrea Orth: Like for real.
Andrea Orth: On a real co domain.
Kip: How much of what he's done is a prototype as opposed to something.
Andrea Orth: that's much better.
Andrea Orth: And then I think you can just be.
Andrea Orth: kind of a training DEMO or video maybe of then, how do you create the markdown.
Andrea Orth: Or how do you.
Andrea Orth: create these little little.
Andrea Orth: Sub menu things I mean his readme his district is instructions in the readme are very good, but.
Andrea Orth: It does and i've even used systems like this before it does.
Andrea Orth: take just a little bit of getting used to a little bit of a just.
Eugene Morrow: And this is eugene I hope to be producing a document on how to do it.
Eugene Morrow: So you want to contribute to help well here's how you create something on the left hand margin there.
Eugene Morrow: He said you create a new topic.
Randall Ness: and so on and so on.
Eugene Morrow: So show people what they need.
Randall Ness: To do.
Eugene Morrow: To create a markdown file markdown file and where, to put it in and how to get it all working in film, so it leaves out to me at some stage i'll get you a document on how to do that.
Kip: We agree.
Andrea Orth: Let takes care of one issue.
Andrea Orth: um.
Andrea Orth: I guess.
Andrea Orth: Do we want to wait till a meeting where.
Andrea Orth: ian's back where we can.
Andrea Orth: I don't know is this, this is probably a item that we need to like take a boat on once we feel like we have enough information on what we're voting on.
Kip: I mean I my sense Andrea.
Kip: That you've given us a lot of information.
Kip: Being able to get it up and running, there is the question of how much more.
Kip: Work needs to go on.
Kip: To make it automatic, in a sense, so I guess, we could differ based upon that question, but I don't see I don't see anything with eugene's input here as well, I think this is a direction that seems very good to be going.
Eugene Morrow: I like the direction to um, I would like to have in back here to talk about what he wants to do as well he's obviously got a prototype together, but it may not be a complete prototype yet and.
Randall Ness: It would be good to know his thoughts on.
Randall Ness: what's missing.
Kip: So Andrew why don't we leave it at that that will follow up with.
Kip: With with him to find out what what's remaining to make it more of a production ready system.
Andrea Orth: And then just a reminder.
Andrea Orth: We want to do this for real john.
Andrea Orth: The company notify net a Phi that defy um.
Andrea Orth: Well, similar to the other stuff.
Randall Ness: It.
Randall Ness: It will give screen posting.
Andrea Orth: For the little bit of.
Andrea Orth: The web server.
Andrea Orth: type of stuff necessary for this yeah yeah.
Kip: We need to follow up with that I think that's part of our application process to get that sense.
Sandy Peresie: And one of the things that.
Sandy Peresie: doesn't seem i'm not sure is really apparent, I think you can you can put your mark down in different repositories to be pulled into the same page right.
Sandy Peresie: xena was talking about having documentation for the performance engine under the performance engine.
Sandy Peresie: In the race, all under performance engine the documentation engine is just user documentation in his head.
Kip: Good good good sandy I wasn't meaning to presuppose the repo structure in the discussion that could be a separate discussion.
Okay.
Kip: Okay.
Kip: and relax it's okay i'm gonna i'm gonna jump to the Wikipedia.
Kip: Entry question.
Kip: I spent a few minutes today.
Kip: Looking at a Wikipedia entry, I recently there they did a couple of contributions for potential Wikipedia pages and my sense is that the standards for what qualify for pages have gone up substantially than where we were 10 years ago okay.
Kip: As I was looking at this.
Kip: You know this is kind of the edit history of it as I looked at the at the content.
Kip: There are a couple of warnings on the content already right.
Kip: Looking for general mobility guidelines, which is one of the things that I was rejected on reliable secondary sources, independent of the topic.
Kip: If not ability cannot be shown the articles likely to emerge redirected or deleted.
Kip: This.
Kip: This note is from artists 2015 so we're six years away from that right.
Kip: But there's been.
Kip: Since that point.
switch.
Kip: Since that point the updates are pretty small.
Kip: there's a risk here I don't know how far to take the risk of.
Kip: Can we change the heady if we change the heading.
Kip: The editor may say hey, this is a different entry.
Kip: If we.
Kip: Even if we don't change the heady.
You know our updates.
Kip: are probably going to trigger if we do any sort of a large update to it.
Kip: We will probably trigger some sort of a review from the major editors.
Kip: So that's kind of what I wanted.
Kip: Some feedback about.
Kip: What.
Kip: How would we navigate this so that our Wikipedia page doesn't necessarily get lost.
We could do small edits.
Kip: which would not draw attention to it.
Kip: Since feedback comments questions.
Andrea Orth: Well, the one question I have that I don't think anybody.
Andrea Orth: Here can answer.
Andrea Orth: Other.
Andrea Orth: Open Source.
software.
Andrea Orth: products have Wikipedia pages.
Randall Ness: Yes.
Kip: you're right.
Kip: I didn't know the other thing that I did think along that.
Kip: That line andhra.
Kip: is getting some advice from the open mainframe project.
Kip: Ah, about.
Randall Ness: You know.
Randall Ness: So this is.
Kip: This is CB wikipedia.org so this isn't the US.
Kip: equivalent.
Kip: So i'm not sure Zoe has a Wikipedia page directly.
Kip: On English.
Kip: Oh no, this is a city, this is a.
Randall Ness: place so.
that's not applicable.
Kip: yeah so the only thing they have is only.
Kip: there's no links.
Kip: To Zoe so it's not as an independent page.
Randall Ness: If this might.
Eugene Morrow: be a little daring to say.
Eugene Morrow: But I can't help feeling that our Wikipedia page for SAFA is not really doing very much.
Kip: know.
Eugene Morrow: we've only got two customers and I can't see lots of other main.
Eugene Morrow: Train sites tooling around and looking at that.
Eugene Morrow: and get an idea of.
Eugene Morrow: The product, my feeling is let's cut our losses let's not worry about what happens to the setup page let's think about what we do when we get a Geneva ERS page when we.
Eugene Morrow: We want to put it out there when we create it.
Randall Ness: Will.
Eugene Morrow: put some really good beefy detail into it.
Eugene Morrow: Well, I think we should concentrate on let's not worry about spending time on a separate page.
Kip: No, I think I think that's a good suggestion eugene I might take that further and say, well then, if we're going to go that route, why wouldn't we.
Kip: Try to make the changes to the existing page and see if they.
Stick.
Eugene Morrow: to that.
Kip: Because it.
Kip: But what we're doing there is we're stepping out on a.
Kip: risk.
Kip: We may not be able to ever get a Geneva ERS page independently so as you see here Zoe.
Kip: You know they they're they're tighter on what goes into Wikipedia they don't let product mentions anymore really right it's not.
Kip: it's it's there they're trying to be more of an encyclopedia which is less of a list of products so there's a risk, we would lose the real estate, we have right now on Wikipedia.
Kip: But we could take that chance and.
Kip: and see where we end up because you're right the existing page does not give us all that much usefulness today yeah.
Sandy Peresie: Sorry, saying that Zoe mentioned here in this page is not supposed to be there.
Kip: Now Zoe doesn't get their own page.
Kip: They this is under the open mainframe project kaeding.
Kip: And I could believe that that Wikipedia now is tighter you can't go at a Wikipedia.
Kip: If you start a company and you create a product Wikipedia will reject a listing of your product as a as a valid entry it's only because Geneva ERS had an entry 10 years ago that it still exists safir that it's still exist in the Wikipedia world today.
Kip: or their opposition to the approach kind of proposed there by eugene of being gutsy and.
Kip: Seeing what we can get out of our existing page.
Andrea Orth: yeah I mean, I think the same.
level of risk.
Kip: Could you say that one more time.
Andrea Orth: My reading what you just said it's the same level of risk either way, whether it's a new page or a reusing existing page.
Kip: yeah we won't get a new page assigned for Geneva year so i'm quite confident of that.
Kip: And we if we change it, we could end up having the page we have been devised but there's also already a risk of that just because of the nature of the content on it today.
Kip: randall you were gonna say something.
Randall Ness: I don't have a strong opinion on this.
Randall Ness: Know that's okay.
Kip: that's probably enough of the discussion there.
Kip: that's probably kind of the feedback that I I needed on this.
Randall Ness: Could we get to the data versus markdown issue.
Kip: Is that a secondary issue or is that part of documentation.
Randall Ness: is part of its part of documentation, but it's something that we wanted to resolve today okay.
Kip: i'm sorry I didn't mean to go into something.
Kip: that we need to handle the documentation.
Eugene Morrow: Well, under documentation.
Eugene Morrow: We also looked at that lovely prototype.
Eugene Morrow: That means, but.
Randall Ness: i'm always gonna look at a more lower level part of that.
Kip: One go ahead.
Eugene Morrow: Well, I will shown.
Eugene Morrow: ian's prototype and it's using markdown in the background, and as a sort of mid level piece of software that gets me which organizing the markdown.
Eugene Morrow: That comes to a decision that implies we're going to be doing our documentation in markdown now our existing documentation is in detail.
Eugene Morrow: And there's a decision there about are we going to switch from data to mark down originally I didn't like the idea of leaving data.
Eugene Morrow: Because data as a product has got a lot more features than lockdown does, however, I think there's some good reasons why we can go to mark down now there is a web page that discusses why you would choose Dieter and why you choose markdown.
Eugene Morrow: If you like, I could actually.
I think i've got it here the.
presenter.
Kip: Co host you can go here.
Eugene Morrow: Right i'm going to share screen and i'm actually my truth it's the one share, can you see it's markdown or restructured text or data choose the right format for technical docs Can you see that.
Kip: yep right.
Eugene Morrow: A little bit further down this page which let's come on this page.
Eugene Morrow: um there's a bit of debate about the whole thing, but then it gives some.
Eugene Morrow: Good ideas you want to use data and oxygen here are some good reasons, if you wanted to use markdown jackal some other reasons now his reasons for using deeper.
Randall Ness: start with.
Eugene Morrow: you're going to deliver a lot of pdfs well, I think the decision about this project has been made is.
Randall Ness: we're not going to have PDF files.
Eugene Morrow: A problem with PDF files is there.
Eugene Morrow: Like a snapshot there a point in time, but they get a date, whereas I think the direction for this.
Randall Ness: Product is our.
Eugene Morrow: documentation, will be a website, which of course is living is changing every minute perhaps and will point people towards this website even inside the workbench will point to the website.
Eugene Morrow: So the workbench won't have an independent copy of help inside it it'll just point the workbench other the website.
Eugene Morrow: And we won't have PDF files at all, now that gets rid of one of the big problems in data.
Eugene Morrow: there's always the lovely sophisticated stuff for having one bit of help and you could produce a PDF file, you can produce a website, you can produce online help.
Eugene Morrow: three different types of output from one common source we don't need that anymore we're only going to have a website so we don't this feat data feature of producing different outputs from one source isn't needed.
Eugene Morrow: So that's The first reason you might stick with data basically we don't need it anymore, we are going to only going to produce a website, we don't need to produce pdfs and other outputs.
Eugene Morrow: And they're also talking here about reusing content, which is a very valid point deed is very good that have several pages use the same content.
Eugene Morrow: They can all point to the same spot you change at once all the web pages change and we do have a bit of that problem in our hill is actually getting less.
Eugene Morrow: Originally, for example, when you created you, and when you modify the view, there was a different screen, and yet they both had the same fields on it, so the description of the fields was common between the two of them.
Eugene Morrow: or now, it turns out the merge them into one screen, where the corrected you or you edit a view you look at the same screen and, as you need the same information.
Eugene Morrow: You know.
Randall Ness: On that one screen.
Eugene Morrow: So we don't need to share information.
Eugene Morrow: anymore for that screen there's an example where we were doing sharing in the past and data, but in fact, with a new structure of the workbench we might need to do it.
Eugene Morrow: So my argument is that, even though Dieter is good at sharing content, we need to do it a bit less.
Eugene Morrow: And there's an another reason why we prefer markdown to do now here i've got to be step back a bit let's be brutally honest about the documentation, we had this wonderful product Geneva ERS how much is documented the sad news is I would estimate about 20%.
Eugene Morrow: Over the last 10 years i've documented the workbench but let's be honest, the workbench is just the beginning, where you sorts of things out, but I have not documented the performance engine the compiler all these other fancy bits so as a product, I only a small part of it's been documented.
Eugene Morrow: And even then my workbench documentation guess what it's at least two years out of date.
Eugene Morrow: Macbeth Linda did a whole lot of wonderful changes to the workbench and that's been continued buy in and then Ken.
Eugene Morrow: And I haven't caught up with my hope, yet so our even our help for the workbench is out of date.
Eugene Morrow: What does that mean it means your turn to be say eugene when you go to fix it up there's not enough for me I won't be able to do it it'll take me one to two years to get the workbench documentation together, then I got to do all foreman's engine, and all this other stuff right.
Eugene Morrow: So, the reality is it will need to be more people now when you use Dita you use the oxygen xml editor which has a price tag but you need to learn, also the data syntax now that's fine for me i've.
Randall Ness: used it for 10 years.
Eugene Morrow: But I must say it's not a particularly.
Eugene Morrow: friendly syntax.
Kip: Down there.
Eugene Morrow: yeah sure.
Kip: Let me just say I tried using it, because balancing act was done with him it to make videos and it is, it is challenging very challenging.
Eugene Morrow: Now, it is true, there are free, I think there are free, decent editors out there, so perhaps you.
Randall Ness: don't need to pay anything.
Eugene Morrow: But if we tell.
Eugene Morrow: The customers of this product and the vrs are you'll have to learn data, if you want to change the documentation, a lot of them say wrong answer sorry let's use them.
Eugene Morrow: I really think it would be such a disincentive a lot of people wouldn't want to choose our product, whereas markdown a lot of the world's adopting markdown it's simple and easy.
Eugene Morrow: Now you could argue the documentation is a is a complex it's a complicated product right, we need a powerful tool like data I think detail will.
Randall Ness: turn people off.
Eugene Morrow: will lose sales, whereas markdown although it's perhaps a little underpowered and all need a bit of work to do the job.
Eugene Morrow: People like it and it's easy to learn, you can learn it in an afternoon, whereas data it's a question of days and weeks, already getting used to it.
Eugene Morrow: So on that point of view i'm thinking even go deeper as a better product i'm now one overs the idea let's use markdown.
Eugene Morrow: we're just going to have more we need more people doing documentation I can't do it all myself and.
Eugene Morrow: In the end, will get results faster out of them, if I can do it in something simple like markdown for all its simplicity and lack of features markdown the big classes it's simple and straightforward and people can pick it up and start using it the same day.
Eugene Morrow: I don't see with the huge documentation task we have here that will ever get an idea of people together to do it, what if we did it just costs a lot of money, and the question is who's going to pay.
Eugene Morrow: I really think we want this whole Open Source enthusiasm from other people let's keep it simple make a markdown now i've done some translation of my data help into markdown It can be done, ironically, you need oxygen.
Eugene Morrow: Plus data open Toolkit to do it, but a combination those two you can translate your data into marked out, and you can do it in a way that only the website stuff comes out, not the PDF and the other stuff.
Eugene Morrow: And i'm going to learn how to get.
Randall Ness: The most out of markdown I think it's a.
Eugene Morrow: Learning for me of if we do need to share things how.
Randall Ness: We do it, and I think.
Eugene Morrow: we'll have.
Eugene Morrow: A common topic, and the other two ones referred to that topic something like that basically i'm saying I think I can get around the disadvantages of markdown.
Eugene Morrow: For the benefits that markdown is will have on the.
Randall Ness: User audience we've got our customers.
Eugene Morrow: So there's my summary you know.
Eugene Morrow: markdowns not as good as data, but in fact, in this case I think it's a better choice because we need to recruit people to do documentation and we'll find it easier to recruit them with mark down.
Eugene Morrow: And I think it'll do a good enough job that we can live with the disadvantages of markdown I don't think we're live with the disadvantages of data will just turn too many people.
Eugene Morrow: So sorry to ramble on for a long time, but.
Kip: that's good that's.
Eugene Morrow: My summary of why I believe this product should go with mark down with its limitations, rather than diesel.
Randall Ness: Wonderful.
Kip: Thanks other comments questions for eugene on his.
Randall Ness: discussion about his proposal.
Randall Ness: um one question has your changes in markdown can you include other files, can you just basically say here's my texts and, by the way, now I want to copy in this chunk so that you can share chunks.
Eugene Morrow: I believe a new version of mark down is coming out that will do that whether it's here I don't.
Eugene Morrow: know.
Randall Ness: But it is planned.
Eugene Morrow: For the moment.
Randall Ness: i'm going to bet that it's.
Eugene Morrow: not going to be there in time for us.
Eugene Morrow: So, as I said, it's like a manual way to include you actually have a third topic, and the first to refer to that third topic, and you simply gives you a link please go to this topic you jump to that topic and there it is it's not an include but it's sort of like a.
Eugene Morrow: You know, a poor man's in food.
Randall Ness: I think.
Eugene Morrow: I could get around it that way.
Eugene Morrow: Until markdown does have a proper include if it does have a proper include absolutely we're in the ballgame markdown could do this lovely sharing of code.
Kip: I guess eugene that raises a question for me, do you think it's possible that the that the editing tool, not the editing tool, but the display tool.
Kip: would include a feature that overcame that weakness of markdown or is it simply the website displayed to just displays the markdown there is no the.
Eugene Morrow: tool displays the markdown it see doesn't try to think better of it and.
Kip: Now it's probably.
Eugene Morrow: Where we're really good gatsby's wonderful and, as you can see there's some lovely features, they are a table of contents and the left hand margin all sort of stuff that's all done for you and it's automatic let's not ask too much data gets me.
Eugene Morrow: To my knowledge, it doesn't do that it's our job to put good markdown in and i'm doing my best to learn how to translate my deeper into markdown to get the best out of the markdown.
Eugene Morrow: I will need to do a bit of changing and my descent to do the proper their conversion and i'm learning how to do that, thank you for that.
Kip: Other questions comments.
Randall Ness: Could we hold a vote.
Kip: yeah I think that'd be good, I would, I propose that we take eugene suggestion going to put markdown is already tool.
I tell.
Kip: me.
Kip: Great.
Kip: Any opposed.
Kip: sounds like we were unanimous on this one.
Kip: Great.
Kip: Andrew, thank you for that.
Eugene Morrow: Thanks.
Sandy Peresie: So that's a decision.
Sandy Peresie: that's a decision and markdown versus devo we have not made a decision.
Sandy Peresie: Yet speed versus SP capital.
Eugene Morrow: jackal and.
Kip: Of course i'm i'm updating the comment that I made on the issue.
Kip: For that OK OK.
Kip: OK we're past time.
Kip: Other other issues we.
Kip: need to cover.
Sandy Peresie: One comment just just to just i'm sorry just a question we've.
Sandy Peresie: The question is um.
Sandy Peresie: we're still working to try and get jira connected to.
Sandy Peresie: get home.
Sandy Peresie: Okay there's there's there's.
Sandy Peresie: technical difficulties there Okay, we do have a due date, as I mentioned before, on the jira.
Sandy Peresie: When.
Sandy Peresie: If the if the possibility is not there to do these connections.
Sandy Peresie: When can we have a boat i'm starting to use jira.
Sandy Peresie: Assuming that the connection will not be there Okay, because it is, it is rather difficult um.
Sandy Peresie: Can we do we want to wait.
Sandy Peresie: Until we're certain sure it's not going to be there before we have a vote on whether we're going to put our visibility of tasks into the jira project or can we make a decision to go forward.
Kip: So sandy can I put that in the comment I was going to make it a little bit broader than that.
Kip: I don't know if you noticed team, but in the last couple of weeks in our prototyping effort on this on number of things.
Kip: We have been adding.
Kip: Specifically meal and sandy and I.
Kip: have been working more on adding issues and documenting.
Kip: Our decision processes in issues so as we're having discussions we're just opening up these issues and typing the result of our discussions in these issues, the conclusions we're coming to.
Kip: You know, as I as i'm part of other Open Source communities like Apache spark and always because.
Kip: Those things run a lot through.
Kip: email, and such so there's an aspect here where i'd asked you to you know I don't want to slow things down for documentation.
Kip: But in terms of documenting any decisions any discussions you're having just taking notes on things i'd recommend.
Kip: Adding issues to those I guess, I say that sandy going back to your point as a bit broader on increasing our our visibility for what we're doing and using our issues list more effectively, which connects them to the jira discussion right.
Kip: I don't know what the answer response would be on the specific jira.
Kip: point of the site what's what's our date for knowing about the the.
Kip: The jira connection.
Sandy Peresie: or.
Sandy Peresie: it's difficult because i'm because i'm working with support, and you know I get an answer three days later, and you know I put in another question and I get an answer another three days later, I.
Kip: yeah so what you're saying here sandy is that this is moving slowly enough from.
bobmcCormack: That and.
Kip: You can send their name may not answer just because of the length of time and getting response back right.
Right.
Sandy Peresie: And i'm still working on it, but you know I hate to I hate to see.
Sandy Peresie: The visibility issue.
Sandy Peresie: um once we go live once we become a full fledged project i'd hate to see a visibility issue and that holding us off.
Kip: yep can I suggest it because we are a little bit over time that we put this as a meeting discussion for next time and we'll have two more weeks of experience, but I think that's it's a worthwhile discussion to be adding.
Kip: That okay sure.
Kip: Any other topics that need to be discussed.
Kip: Thank you for your work team.
Kip: always a pleasure to meet with all of you.
Randall Ness: Thanks good thanks everyone.
Randall Ness: bye.